W-21433121 agent network 2.0 content ie (#660)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: agent-network/2.0/modules/ROOT/pages/af-get-started.adoc

[[get-started]]
= Get Started with Agent Networks
:page-aliases: anypoint-code-builder::af-get-started.adoc

include::partial$af-shared.adoc[tags=get-started]

[[setup-space]]
== Set Up the Space or Deployment Target for Your Environment

> To deploy an agent network, you need a space on CloudHub 2.0 or a deployment target on Anypoint Runtime Fabric. On CloudHub 2.0, you can deploy to a shared space or a private space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy an agent network, you need a space on CloudHub 2.0 or a deployment target on Anypoint Runtime Fabric. CloudHub 2.0 supports shared spaces and private spaces.
```

Depending on your deployment target:

* CloudHub 2.0 shared space:
+
No setup is required. Every Anypoint Platform organization includes a shared space that's available to all business groups and environments.
* CloudHub 2.0 private space:
+
. Create a private space in CloudHub 2.0 or verify that you can access an existing private space.
+
To create a private space, see xref:cloudhub-2::ps-create-configure.adoc[].
We recommend naming the private space `agent-network-space`.
. xref:cloudhub-2::ps-config-env.adoc[Associate the new or existing private space with the business groups and environments] where you plan to deploy your agent network.
+
You must complete this step so that the private space appears as a valid deployment target in Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint CLI.
* Runtime Fabric:
+
Create a target space for Runtime Fabric.
+
For information about Runtime Fabric deployments, see xref:gateway::flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc#rtf[Managed Omni Gateway on Runtime Fabric].

[[setup-gateways]]
== Set Up Agent Network Gateways for the Space or Deployment Target

> After you have a target space, use the `MuleSoft: Set Up Agent Network Gateways` command to create the gateways required for deployment in either CloudHub 2.0 or Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you set up a target space, use the `MuleSoft: Set Up Agent Network Gateways` command to create the gateways required for deployment in either CloudHub 2.0 or Runtime Fabric.
```
